README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Huzaif</h1>
<h3 align="center">Data Science / AI Engineering 🤖</h3>

---

### Overview

- Build systems by starting from **first principles**  
- Comfortable moving between **mathematics, algorithms, data, and software**
- Think in terms of **trade-offs, constraints, and system behavior**
- Use creativity as a tool for **problem decomposition and design**
- Prefer solutions that are **simple, robust, and explainable**
- Enjoy problems that require both **theory and execution**

---

### Current Focus

- Machine Learning, Advanced Deep Learning, Agentic AI systems, RAG pipelines, and LLM fine-tuning  
- Mathematical foundations 
- End-to-end engineering: data → models → applications  
- 📄[**Resume**](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1XGkx9_g-XchXXfebQaqQO5I3rieZhCbr/view?usp=drive_link)

---
### 🚀 Technical Arsenal

| **Domain** | **Stack** |
| :--- | :--- |
| **🧠 Data & AI/ML** | <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,pytorch,tensorflow,sklearn,kafka" /> |
| **✨ AgenticAI & LLM Ops** | <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LangChain-1C3C3C?style=flat-square&logo=langchain&logoColor=white" /> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Hugging%20Face-FFD21E?style=flat-square&logo=huggingface&logoColor=black" /> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LlamaIndex-040810?style=flat-square&logo=llamaindex&logoColor=white" /> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenAI-412991?style=flat-square&logo=openai&logoColor=white" />
| **📱 Mobile & Web Dev** | <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=kotlin,androidstudio,swift,gradle,html,css,javascript" /> |
| **🌐 Backend & Systems** | <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=cpp,fastapi,django,postgresql" /> |
| **🛠️ Tools** | <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,linux,docker,postman" /> |


---

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/huzaiif" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" height="25"/>
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:huzaifrather7@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" height="25"/>
  </a>
</div>

---

<h3 align="left">Stats:</h3>

<div align="center">

  <img 
    src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=huzaiif&theme=dracula&layout=compact" 
    height="150" 
    alt="Top Languages"
  />

  <img 
    src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=huzaiif&theme=dracula" 
    height="150" 
    alt="GitHub Streak"
  />


</div>


---

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/huzaiif/huzaiif/output/pacman-contribution-graph-dark.svg">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/huzaiif/huzaiif/output/pacman-contribution-graph.svg">
  <img alt="pacman contribution graph" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/huzaiif/huzaiif/output/pacman-contribution-graph.svg">
</picture>

Commit message:

Revise README introduction and clean up sections
Updated introduction and removed overview and current focus sections.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hello World! 👋 I am Huzaif.</h1> <h2 align="center">Data Science / AI Engineering 🤖</h2> ### 👨‍💻 About Me - 💡 Just a human teaching machines how to think (and sometimes overthink). - 🎓 Currently pursuing **Computer Science Engineering** with a focus on **Data Sceince, AI/ML, and Deep Learning**. - 🚀 Into **GenAI, Agentic AI, RAGs, LLM Fine-Tuning**, and anything that makes machines a bit smarter. - 🧠 Exploring how **data, logic, and creativity** can build intelligent, human-centered systems - 💻 I don’t just train models, I build the apps and websites they live in, from Android to iOS to the web. - ⚡ Always building, breaking, and rebuilding, that’s how innovation happens. - 📄 Wanna know more? Check my [**Resume**](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1XGkx9_g-XchXXfebQaqQO5I3rieZhCbr/view?usp=drive_link)

---
### 🚀 Technical Arsenal

| **Domain** | **Stack** |
| :--- | :--- |
| **🧠 Data & AI/ML** | <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,pytorch,tensorflow,sklearn,kafka" /> |
| **✨ AgenticAI & LLM Ops** | <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LangChain-1C3C3C?style=flat-square&logo=langchain&logoColor=white" /> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Hugging%20Face-FFD21E?style=flat-square&logo=huggingface&logoColor=black" /> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LlamaIndex-040810?style=flat-square&logo=llamaindex&logoColor=white" /> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenAI-412991?style=flat-square&logo=openai&logoColor=white" />
| **📱 Mobile & Web Dev** | <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=kotlin,androidstudio,swift,gradle,html,css,javascript" /> |
| **🌐 Backend & Systems** | <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=cpp,fastapi,django,postgresql" /> |
| **🛠️ Tools** | <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,linux,docker,postman" /> |


---

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/huzaiif" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" height="25"/>
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:huzaifrather7@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" height="25"/>
  </a>
</div>

---

<h3 align="left">Stats:</h3>

<div align="center">

  <img 
    src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=huzaiif&theme=dracula&layout=compact" 
    height="150" 
    alt="Top Languages"
  />

  <img 
    src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=huzaiif&theme=dracula" 
    height="150" 
    alt="GitHub Streak"
  />


</div>


---

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/huzaiif/huzaiif/output/pacman-contribution-graph-dark.svg">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/huzaiif/huzaiif/output/pacman-contribution-graph.svg">
  <img alt="pacman contribution graph" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/huzaiif/huzaiif/output/pacman-contribution-graph.svg">
</picture>
